         The Web Template Output Additional Permission, Version 0.3

This Web Template Output Additional Permission ("Additional Permission") is
an additional permission under section 7 of the GNU Affero General Public
License, version 3 ("AGPLv3"). It applies to all GPLv3'd material included
in a repository where this Additional Permission appears in a file called
LICENSE.ADDITIONAL-PERMISSION at the top directory of the repository ("the
Package").

When you use this Package in the normal manner to create a website, the
Package generates HTML, Javascript, and CSS files which are deployed to
create a website.  These files are considered "Output" of the Package,
provided that the Package is used in an ordinary and customary way to create
a website that contains HTML, CSS and Javascript.

1. GRANT OF ADDITIONAL PERMISSION

You have permission to propagate specific works of Output under terms other
than AGPLv3, set forth in this section.  All HTML Output may be propagated,
modified, and/or redistributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Public
Domain Dedication 1.0 ("CC0 1.0").  All CSS and Javscript Output may be
propagated, modified, and/or redistributed under the terms of the GNU Lesser
General Public License Version 3 ("LGPLv3") or any later version of that
license as published by the Free Software Foundation, Inc.


2. REVOCATION OF ADDITIONAL PERMISSION FOR UNCUSTOMARY MODIFICATIONS

If you modify the Package to output HTML, Javascript and/or CSS that
attempts to copy works from the Package that would otherwise not qualify for
this additional permission as written, the Additional Permission is revoked
and the license of such uncustomary modified HTML, Javascript or CSS shall
remain AGPLv3 without additional permission.

The intent of this clause is to assure that downstream modifiers do not
cause the additional permission to apply to works that are not customarily
in HTML, Javascript, or CSS form.  For example, modifying the Package to
copy server-side python code into the HTML output is a modification not
eligible for the Additional Permission.

3. NO WEAKENING OF COPYLEFT.

The availability of this Additional Permission does not imply any general
presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft
requirements of the AGPLv3 license of this Package.
